doc: nrf: Add known issue related to NCS 3.1.1 power consumption (#24557)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the Zephyr downstream in the |NCS|.

> .. rst-class:: v3-1-1
> 
> NRFX-8345: Idle current consumption might be increased by 8 uA in some scenarios.
> 
>   **Affected platforms:** nRF54H20
> 
>   **Workaround:** Under investigation. Possible workaround con be to add in device tree zephyr,pm-device-runtime-auto; to gpio nodes if your application uses power management: 
>   &gpio0 {
> 	  zephyr,pm-device-runtime-auto;
>   };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v3-1-1

NRFX-8345: Increased current consumption in idle
  In some scenarios, the current consumption might be increased by eight µA.

  **Affected platforms:** nRF54H20

  **Workaround:** A potential workaround might be to add ``zephyr,pm-device-runtime-auto;`` to the ``gpio`` devicetree nodes if your application uses power management:

  .. code-block:: console

     &gpio0 {
	  zephyr,pm-device-runtime-auto;
     };
```
